My game is a rendition of Pacman. You have 3 lives and the game is over when they are all lost.
The score increases (+10) by collecting coins places around the maze (there is no "winning", only game over).
There are two "ghosts" which follow the player (pacman) around the maze.
	These ghosts alternate between two behaviour patterns (chase and scatter.)
		There is a time limit to this altering, after a few switches, 
		the ghosts stay in chase mode.
	These behaviour patterns revolve around reaching a target tile.
	For the scatter pattern, this target tile is an unreachable tile on the edge of the maze.
	For the chase pattern, the target tile is different for each ghost.
		For the red ghost (Blinky), the target tile is pacman's current location.
		For the pink ghost (Pinky), the target tile is 4 tiles in front of pacman.
			Which means you can play a game of chicken with pinky when he is in chase mode.
	Ghosts also cannot reverse direction EXCEPT during mode change.
		So if a ghost enters a tile that only has two exits, it must continue in the same direction.
		The above behaviours only apply when the ghost enters a 3- or 4-way intersection.
			The next tile is determined by picking the tile that is closest to the target tile.
			The ghosts only "think" one tile ahead, so the actual path might be longer but that given tile was closer.
A life is lost when pacman collides with one of the ghosts.
	Upon death, pacman and ghosts return to starting positions, 
		coins are not reset, score is persistent (until game over).
Coins are picked up when pacman collides with them (ghosts cannot picked them up).
	Collision is determined by consulting the movement grid.
	When pacman and a ghost (or coin) inhabit the same tile in the grid, they have collided.
Blinky (red) starts outside of the ghost house.
Pinky (pink) starts inside of the ghost house and emerges after the player has collected one coin.
The maze refreshes every frame.
	The ghosts and coins are drawn along with the maze.
	This is done by consulting a grid which indicates the location of the ghosts and walls.
	Another grid is used to determine location of remaining coins.
Pacman is drawn independently of maze.
	His animations are done using the arc function and varying the angle to open and close his mouth.
	His direction is indicated by the direction his "mouth" is pointing.
	He has a dying animation! (He will continue opening his mouth until he disappears).
There are no power ups (sorry, no ghost eating! :()).
The player's current score and remaining lives are displayed at the bottom of the screen.

CONTROLS:
	Press the spacebar to start the game (as the start up screen says!)
	Use the arrow keys to move pacman around the maze.
		You do not have to keep holding them down. 
		He will continue moving in the same direction until the player presses 
			another arrow key, he hits a wall, or he collides with a ghost.
			
There is a tendency for pacman to go beyond the ghost after colliding but it should still register collision.
